The other important part
is the template element.
The template element is a fragment
of markup that can be cloned and
inserted into the document at runtime
with the reusable HTML content
that can be rendered and
modified dynamically.
I'm not sure if you understood from there.
But quickly, I'm not sure if you remember
that we have the template elements here.
These are template elements.
What's the template element,
a tag that the browser ignores completely.
It's in the DOM but
it ignores what's inside.
It says, I'm not gonna touch it,
I'm not going to render it.
It's a template for
a JavaScript code that wants it.
Before the template,
we were using some hacks.
I'm not sure if we have seen these before,
like script with a type wherever,
with a language wherever.
Not sure if you have seen this.
So because the browser was saying hey I
don't know that the scripting language
the browser was ignoring that, okay?
And then using the DOM API we
were getting the content and
then using JSON.parse, or
Stringify, or wherever,okay.
Well, we don't need to use those
hacks anymore, we use template.
And then with the DOM API, we get the
contents of that template, we clone them,
we create clones of them, that's it.
Template and
we are creating instances of that
template that we checked in a real DOM.
Okay makes sense.
So it's a way that we have to define the
HTML of a web component in the HTML file.
Okay so similar to what Angular
things what a template is okay
the thing here is that it goes in the DOM.
So now I'm going back to one
of the questions that we
had earlier about the fragment document.
So a document fragment in the DOM, it's
something similar to what template is,
is to create a DOM in memory
that is not a real DOM.
It's like a virtual DOM, so
you can play with that, but
it's not actually affecting the real DOM.
And in that sort of things is
similar to what template is doing.
So the template is pretty simple.
We have already seen that.
Typically, we set an ID
it's not mandatory, but
because we will need to access
it later to clone it, we get it.
And to clone it, typically,
we do that in the connected callback
method of the custom element.
We get the template with
get it getElementById or
querySelectors or somehow,
we call content.cloneNode and
then we append the content
the clone not the template.
Because the template is like read-only and
parsed.
Okay, so we clone it and
then we use it, that's how it works.
By default, the nodes of our custom
elements are part of the same page DOM.
So for example, CSS style declarations
applies to all the documents.
What?
Let me show you something.
Let's say that we grade the template,
and the template has an e style
declaration setting all the H1
as reds, because it has an H1.
But by default, this style declaration
goes to the whole document, so
outside of the template, and it's going
to change all the H1s in the page,
not just the H1 of this template,